Document the events_logfile_path field in containers.conf (#885)
containers/common: docs/containers.conf.5.md

Note these environment variables will not be used within the container. Set the env section under [containers] table,
if you want to set environment variables for the container.

**events_logfile_path**=""

> Define where events log will be stored, when events_logger is "file".

Reviewer: I still have trouble brain-parsing
```suggestion
Define where event logs will be stored, when events_logger is "file".
```
or "where *the* events log".

> Define where events events log will be stored, when events_logger is "file".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define where event logs will be stored when events_logger is "file".
```

**events_logfile_path**=""

> Define where event logs will be stored, when events_logger is "file".

Reviewer: Sorry to be pedantic but the other location needs updating as well.
